fix: support WebSocket protocol and Trusted Types Eval for CSP sources (#15938)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/mean-lines-roll.md

---
'@sveltejs/kit': patch
---

> fix: support WebSocket protocol and Trusted Types Eval for CSP sources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: support `ws:`/`wss:` and `trusted-types-eval` for CSP sources
```
